README.md, before:

[![build_and_release](https://github.com/sarumaj/gh-gr/actions/workflows/build_and_release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sarumaj/gh-gr/actions/workflows/build_and_release.yml)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/sarumaj/gh-gr)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/sarumaj/gh-gr)
[![Maintainability](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/maintainability-percentage/sarumaj/gh-gr.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/sarumaj/gh-gr/maintainability)

---

# gh-gr

**gh-gr** is a GitHub repository management tool based on the project [github-repo](https://github.com/CristianHenzel/github-repo) by [Cristian Henzel](https://github.com/CristianHenzel).

Since the original project used a configuration file containing sensitive information, the issue has been adressed by reinventing the tool as an extension to the [github cli (gh)](https://cli.github.com/).

## Installation

Prerequisites: [github cli (gh)](https://cli.github.com/)

To install gr:

```
gh extension install https://github.com/sarumaj/gh-gr
```

## Usage

```
gh gr --help

>> gr is a gh cli extension allowing management of multiple repositories at once
>>
>> Usage:
>>   gr [flags]
>>   gr [command]
>>
>> Available Commands:
>>   completion  Generate the autocompletion script for the specified shell
>>   help        Help about any command
>>   init        Initialize repository mirror
>>   pull        Pull all repositories
>>   push        Push all repositories
>>   remove      Remove current configuration
>>   status      Show status for all repositories
>>   update      Update configuration
>>   version     Display version information
>>   view        Display current configuration
>>
>> Flags:
>>   -c, --concurrency uint   Concurrency for concurrent jobs (default 16)
>>   -h, --help               help for gr
>>   -t, --timeout duration   Set timeout for long running jobs (default 10m0s)
>>   -v, --verbose            Print verbose logs
>>
>> Use "gr [command] --help" for more information about a command.
```

First, create the configuration:

```
gh gr init -d SOMEDIR -c 10
```

or, if you are using GitHub Enterprise:

```
gh gr init -c 10 -r https://example.com/api/v3/ -d SOMEDIR -e "repo1" -e "SOMEORG/repo-.*" -s
```

Run `gh gr init --help` or `gh gr help init` to retrieve more information about the init command.

After the configuration is created, you can pull all repositories using:

```
gh gr pull
```

you can view the status of the repositories using:

```
gh gr status
```

and you can push all repositories using:

```
gh gr push
```

After creating new repositories on the server or after user data changes, you can update the local configuration using:

```
gh gr update
```

## Acknowledgments

- [Cristian Henzel](https://github.com/CristianHenzel)

Commit message:

Import/export (#7)
* increased interactivity

* implemented import/export functionalities

---------

Co-authored-by: Dawid Ciepiela <uid40324@contiwan.com>

README.md, after:

[![build_and_release](https://github.com/sarumaj/gh-gr/actions/workflows/build_and_release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sarumaj/gh-gr/actions/workflows/build_and_release.yml)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/sarumaj/gh-gr)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/sarumaj/gh-gr)
[![Maintainability](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/maintainability-percentage/sarumaj/gh-gr.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/sarumaj/gh-gr/maintainability)

---

# gh-gr

**gh-gr** is a GitHub repository management tool based on the project [github-repo](https://github.com/CristianHenzel/github-repo) by [Cristian Henzel](https://github.com/CristianHenzel).

Since the original project used a configuration file containing sensitive information, the issue has been adressed by reinventing the tool as an extension to the [github cli (gh)](https://cli.github.com/).

## Installation

Prerequisites: [github cli (gh)](https://cli.github.com/)

To install gr:

```
gh extension install https://github.com/sarumaj/gh-gr
```

## Usage

```
gh gr --help

>> gr is a gh cli extension allowing management of multiple repositories at once
>>
>> Usage:
>>   gr [flags]
>>   gr [command]
>>
>> Available Commands:
>>   completion  Generate the autocompletion script for the specified shell
>>   export      Export current configuration to stdout
>>   help        Help about any command
>>   import      Import configuration from stdin
>>   init        Initialize repository mirror
>>   pull        Pull all repositories
>>   push        Push all repositories
>>   remove      Remove current configuration
>>   status      Show status for all repositories
>>   update      Update configuration
>>   version     Display version information
>>   view        Display current configuration
>>
>> Flags:
>>   -c, --concurrency uint   Concurrency for concurrent jobs (default 16)
>>   -h, --help               help for gr
>>   -t, --timeout duration   Set timeout for long running jobs (default 10m0s)
>>   -v, --verbose            Print verbose logs
>>
>> Use "gr [command] --help" for more information about a command.
```

First, create the configuration:

```
gh gr init -d SOMEDIR -c 10
```

or, if you are using GitHub Enterprise:

```
gh gr init -c 10 -r https://example.com/api/v3/ -d SOMEDIR -e "repo1" -e "SOMEORG/repo-.*" -s
```

Run `gh gr init --help` or `gh gr help init` to retrieve more information about the init command.

After the configuration is created, you can pull all repositories using:

```
gh gr pull
```

you can view the status of the repositories using:

```
gh gr status
```

and you can push all repositories using:

```
gh gr push
```

After creating new repositories on the server or after user data changes, you can update the local configuration using:

```
gh gr update
```

## Acknowledgments

- [Cristian Henzel](https://github.com/CristianHenzel)
